# data

Place dataset(s) in this folder.

Add data dictionary to this file.

## Dataset 1: `Sport_Data_2022 FOOTBALL.xlsx`

1. Survey Year: Year observation was surveyed 	
2. Institution Name: Name of University 
3. State CD: State Code	
4. Male Undergraduates: Number of male undergrads	
5. Female Undergraduates: Number of female undergrads
6. Total Undergraduates: Total school population
7. Participants Men's Team Total: Total number of men's sports team players
8. Operating Expenses per Participant/Men's Team: Cost per athlete/member of men's sports team
9. Operating Expenses per Team/Men's Team: Total cost per each men's sports team 
10. Revenues Men's Team	Total: Total revenue generated by men's sports team 
...

## Dataset 2: `NMC.csv` & `Conflict.csv`

# Position Variable Description

Data Dictionary for `NMC.csv` -> country_resource 

1. “stateabb”: 3 letter country Abbreviation

2. “ccode”: COW (Correlates of War) Country code

3. “year”: Year of observation

4. “irst”: Iron and steel production (thousands of tons)

5. “milex”: Military Expenditures (For 1816-1913: thousands of
current year British Pounds. For 1914+: thousands
of current year US Dollars.)

6. “milper”: Military Personnel (thousands)

7. “energy”: Energy consumption (thousands of coal-ton equivalents)

8. “tpop”: Total Population (thousands)

9. “upop”: Urban population (population living in cities with
population greater than 100,000; in thousands)

10. “cinc”: Composite Index of National Capability (CINC) score

11. “version”: Version number of the data set

Data Dictionary for MID -> country_conflict

1. DispNum: Dispute number

2. IncidNum: Incident number

3. StAbb: State abbreviation of participant

4. CCode: Country code/ state number of participant

5. StDay: Start day of incident (-9 = missing)

6. StMon: Start month of incident (-9 = missing)

7. StYear: Start year of incident

8. EndDay: End day of incident (-9 = missing)

9. EndMon: End month of incident (-9 = missing)

10. EndYear: End year of incident

11. InSide A: Incident Side A (1 = yes; 0 = no)

12. SideA: Dispute Side A (1 = yes; 0 = no)

13. Fatality: Fatality level of Incident
-  0 None
-  1: 1-25 deaths
-  2: 26-100 deaths
-  3: 101-250 deaths
-  4: 251-500 deaths
-  5: 501-999 deaths
-  6: > 999 deaths
-  -9: missing
14. FatalPre: Precise Fatalities, if Known (-9 = missing)
15. Action: Action in incident (bracketed numbers refer to corresponding hostility level)
-  0: No militarized action [1]
-  1: Threat to use force [2]
-  2: Threat to blockade [2]
-  3: Threat to occupy territory [2]
-  4: Threat to declare war [2]
-  5: Threat to use CBR weapons [2]
-  6: Threat to join war [2]
-  7: Show of force [3]
-  8: Alert [3]
-  9: Nuclear alert [3]
-  10: Mobilization [3]
-  11: Fortify border [3]
-  12: Border violation [3]
-  13: Blockade [4]
-  14: Occupation of territory [4]
-  15: Seizure [4]
-  16: Attack [4]
-  17: Clash [4]
-  18: Declaration of war [4]
-  19: Use of CBR weapons [4]
-  20: Begin interstate war [5]
-  21: Join interstate war [5]
-  -9: Missing [-9]
16. HostLev: Hostility level of incident
-  1: No militarized action
-  2: Threat to use force
-  3: Display use of force
-  4: Use of force
-  5: War
17. RevType1: Revision Type #1
-  0: Not applicable
-  1: Territory
-  2: Policy
-  3: Regime/government
-  4: Other
-  -9: Missing
18. RevType2: Revision Type #2
-  0: Not applicable
-  1: Territory
-  2: Policy
-  3: Regime/government
-  4: Other
-  -9: Missing
19. Version: Version number of data set 

